29-December-1994

Phil Karn KA9Q has graciously agreed to make a small subset of the
source files of his "KA9Q NOS" program available under the GNU General
Public License, Version 2 (the "GPL"), as well as his current licensing
terms (the "KA9Q license"). I asked Phil to dual-license these files so
that we could include his AX.25 protocol stack within the Linux kernel,
which is a GPL-ed program.

Please note that Phil has _NOT_ GPL-ed the entirety of NOS, only the
few source files related to the AX.25 and KISS protocols that I asked
for. The TCP/IP stack within NOS is explicitly _NOT_ included in the
files that have been released under the GPL. All of the files of NOS,
including those that are available under the GPL, are still available
under the KA9Q license, which made them free for use by ham radio
operators and schools, and required a payment from others.

Specifically, the files that have been released under the GPL are:

	ahdlc.c ahdlc.h ax25.c ax25.h ax25cmd.c ax25dump.c ax25hdr.c
	ax25subr.c ax25user.c axheard.c axsock.c devparam.c
	devparam.h kiss.c kiss.h kissdump.c lapb.c lapb.h lapbtime.c
	nrdump.c z8530.h z8530.s z8536.h

I have uploaded the GPL-ed version of these files to
ftp.ucsd.edu:hamradio/packet/tcpip/incoming/ka9q_gpl.tar.gz . This is a
"tar" archive compressed with "gzip". Brian Kantor will probably move
them from incoming into ftp.ucsd.edu:hamradio/packet/tcpip/ka9q_gpl
when he has time.

The versions of these files that are available under the KA9Q license are
in the ZIP archive ftp.ucsd.edu:hamradio/packet/tcpip/ka9q/rcsdsrc.zip .

I understand that a few other code fragments of NOS (headers mostly) may
be necessary to port the KA9Q AX.25 protocol stack to Linux. When we
determine what other fragments we need, I will communicate with Phil
regarding them.

If you have any questions about this announcement, please ask them in
e-mail to Bruce@Pixar.com .

	Thanks

	Bruce Perens AB6YM
